We already have the more expensive fire stick in our main tv which we love.
Our second tv doesnt support Brit Box so we decided on another fire stick but opted for this version as its quite a bit cheaper.
The only difference is three buttons on the remote. The ability to turn the tv off and adjust the volume. Weve never used these buttons anyway as we just use the ones on the tv remote so it was a no brainer to go for the cheaper option.
Fire sticks are so easy to set up and use.
Plug the little unit into one of your tvs usb ports, plug into the mains. Switch tv on, select fire stick and follow the onscreen instructions.
It supports all the catch up channels plus Netflix ,Brit Box, Disney, the list goes on.
Really good interface and will either update your tv to a smart one or update your already smart tv should it not support certain apps.
I would certainly recommend this version for price, ease of use and a great viewing experience.



Great idea, but poor software. Wont change devices and just repeats ."xbox doesn't support that" remote is lacking too many important buttons and the cube doesn't support universal remotes. Was expecting this device to allow me to not use any remotes and instead I need to use voice and 2-3 remotes to do simple tasks


Don't waste your money. You get the same picture with the 4k stick without the frustration of a poorly executed alexa. Apparently I only had 39 days to return this. Wish I had known. I would have gotten rid of this. Great picture and sound but not worth the price. Buy the 4k stick. I have to do a hard restart on it almost everyday now as it is on but won't display anything until it's reset. I'm disgusted with this and wish I could return it and get the 4k stick instead... which still works perfectly


Great thing about this box is upgraded ram and memory compared to the stick. Able to turn my tv and sound bar on and off and volume. My only issue is it does not come with an hdmi cable, and if you want to use Ethernet connection is plug in that just makes it a little tacky. But in the end It’s a great box Especially for old or non smart TVs with hdmi.


It made my shiny and silky hair rough ,dull and frizzy. It also do not clean your scalp at all infact after 5-10 hrs of wash you"ll feel itchy scalp. Also it do not help in dandruff, it doesn't wash off the dandruff at all as just after the wash the moment you dry up ur hair one can see dandruff right sitting on their scalp. Total waste of money and this shampoo is a huge disappointment. Rather i would go with something chemical atleast it would give me some results.


I brought this shampoo after seeing the reviews and it's got high rating. In my experience, this has to be the worst product I have ever bought! I experienced A LOT of hairfall and after I stopped using the shampoo and then hairfall subsided. My parents used it by mistake and they complained about hairfall and headache after using it. Something's wrong with this.
Besides that, it didn't lather much and my hair still didn't quite feel clean after the hair wash.
Don't fall for the ratings like I did.
It's not worth the money and definitely NOT WORTH LOSING YOUR HAIR FOR.


Defective - Hard disk crashed with 3F0 error after 1 month of use. Not sure if I received defective piece. Even service centre is clueless why it crashed. Sent for replacement through service center and even service centre have pathetic service. They will keep on giving you new dates for replacement ssd arrival.

The worst decision i have ever made is buying this Crucial SSD. I have installed it with my HP PAVILION G6 1301TX laptop but it is not getting boot. After installing Windows it just simply does not show up in boot. Also in BIOS if i run hard disk diagnose it is showing error "Hard Disk Error". At boot screen "DISK READ ERROR". Now some people will say that i have not made bios settings correct and blah blah, I have done almost more than every possible tech thing to make it right. At last i had taken my laptop to repair center also. They also got the same error. And the most important thing is that in my laptop every other HDD is running good and no such problem is there. Only when i plug this SSD in SATA port again same error occurrs.Then i decided to replace the item . After receiving new SSD same problem is happening.
And the worst part is buying it on Amazon because there is no return policy only we are having replace policy. Now for me i have just wasted 3,000 rupees and for me it just a piece of waste plastic.


